- Look at that blood. - Is it that woman?
Oh my gosh.
This is a misunderstanding.
You can talk at the police station.
Hold on. Wait, let me say something.
- Where are you going?
- I just need 10 seconds.
Sohn came inside that woman. Do you know?
Sohn?
It's none of my business.
- She might kill someone.
- She probably did already.
What do you mean? I would've seen it then.
Leave the police to do their work.
Tell them that I was just
trying to help that woman.
- Come on, let's go. - Wait.
You must keep an eye on her
since she's dangerous. Okay?
- Get in the car. - Okay, I'll get in.
He's being taken away for assault.
- You're not going to help?
- He'll take care of himself.
They said that you grabbed her
and threw her to the ground.
Me? She went mad on her own
and did that to herself.
So tell me what your
relationship is with the victim.
I'm in the same parish
council as Kim Yoon Hee.
Kim Yoon Hee has some mental issues.
And this handsome priest over
here provides counseling.
Kim Yoon Hee asked me to
bring him to her house...
so I brought him all the way over here.
I did provide some counseling.
See? So we came here...
but she suddenly started to throw a fit.
And we were just trying to help her,
but those young punks
took it the wrong way.
Can you recite the Lord's Prayer for me?
Sorry?
Goodness.
I mean...
Why is that prayer important now?
Gosh, I can't believe these guys.
You'll be punished.
I'm a believer too.
How dare you lie?
Lie?
My Christian name is Emmanuel.
Are you really a priest?
Let me go do a background
check on you two. Wait here.
If you lied to me and hit the woman,
you'll be sent to the chief station.
You just can't stop lying.
What?
Would you rather have been sent to prison?
You provoked the possessed
woman earlier too.
You started all this.
I didn't know she'd react that way.
You said you had experienced
a lot of possessed people.
Let's not fight. We don't
have time for that.
That possessed woman...
might do something again any moment.
She'll be fine for now.
Detective Kang is with her.
I'm sure she's watching the woman closely.
Ms. Kim Yoon Hee.
Can you answer me a few...
Is it really you?
- What? - What do you mean?
Nothing.
You talked to your boyfriend
the day he went missing.
Three times at that.
You lied to us.
I don't...
remember.
You talked on the phone before that too.
You said you broke up.
That was a lie too, wasn't it?
Tell us honestly what happened that day.
I don't want to talk about it.
Please leave her alone now.
She needs some rest.
You killed him.
You killed him and dumped the body.
Where is his body?
I didn't.
I really didn't.
Please leave now.
Detective Kang, let's leave for now.
Let's go.
I didn't kill him! I said I didn't!
Please go out.
Calm down. Ms. Kim, you need to calm down.
Calm down.
She seems mentally unstable.
I think I'll look into her medical records.
It might not be a mental problem.
Then?
Nothing. Let me talk to her
again when she calms down.
I don't think you'll be
able to talk to her today.
Why don't we come back later?
We have to keep an eye on her.
We don't know what she might do.
Are you saying we should stake out here?
The patient wants me to tell you this.
She said her boyfriend is waiting
in the parking lot near her place.
If he's waiting, is he still alive?
I'm not sure. We'll see.
I think we're almost there.
Take that way.
She might kill someone.
What?
I think she said that on purpose.
She wanted to ditch us.
I think I'll go back to her.
She wanted to ditch us? Why?
You go to her boyfriend.
I'll go back to the woman.
Okay? Hurry up! Get out right now!
How dare she boss me around?
She's getting worse and worse.
Where is he?
Why is this car covered?
Gosh, it stinks.
The patient went missing.
Take me home!
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry.
I'm lost.
And I don't have my phone with me.
You want to...
borrow my phone?
Are you working late alone?
Yes. Why?
I guess the rest will be
back here by 9am tomorrow.
What? What are you talking about?
Then I'll have to wait until
9am and kill everyone.
First,
let me start with you.
Sir! My goodness.
Pull yourself together.
Hwa Pyung.
Take me home.
Please take me home.
- Where do you live? - I don't remember.
Hwa Pyung.
What's going on?
- What are you doing? - Let go of him.
Pull yourself together.
- Let go of him. - What are you doing?
Calm down. What's with you?
Pull yourself together.
- Hwa Pyung! - Are you okay?
Hey!
Hwa Pyung, snap out of it!
Hey! Pull yourself together!
Hey!
It has begun.
So? She killed the man?
He's still alive. But...
she said she'd kill everyone when
they come to work tomorrow morning.
Work?
Is it an office?
Do you have any idea where that place is?
It looked like an office.
There was a big mirror.
On the victim's desk...
were drawings of tanks and weapons.
Drawings of tanks and weapons...
on the desk?
They're looking for Kang Jong Ryul.
Kang Jong Ryul quit.
You guys should go home.
If you act up again, I'll arrest you again.
You know something, don't you?
Park Il Do.
We should catch them
together, shouldn't we?
Let me come with you.
Park Il Do.
I said I don't want to get
involved with that anymore.
All I want is to catch the suspect
who killed her boyfriend.
But you're involved.
Your mother.
Don't you ever talk about her again.
- Detective Kang. - Leave her alone.
Let her go.
I don't...
want you to drag her into this.
What are you talking about?
We might put her in danger as well.
Let's go for now. We need more information.
Yes. Kim Yoon Hee is not at home.
Yes. Yes.
This is a crime.
This is an emergency. Don't be so fussy.
We have to figure out
why she got possessed.
Then we will know why she killed people.
The police might come back.
So let's be quick and run away.
Are you sure she killed her boyfriend?
They look sweet together.
That's true.
Then who was that man?
Why did she try to kill his coworkers?
I wonder why she got possessed.
What made her so sad...
and angry?
Do you think the suspect will be there?
That woman must be there.
Hey, Kang.
You have always been more
intuitive than me. I know that.
But you're so mean these days.
You make me feel like a fool.
What's the thing I don't know?
Did you have a look?
Yes, we have the cause of death.
It's excessive bleeding from a cut
of the radial artery of wrist.
- It looks like a suicide. - What?
Okay.
What in the world happened?
Who are you?
So you're her friend. What brings you here?
I heard from the hospital
that she went missing.
- I was wondering if she came home.
- I see.
We're looking for her as well.
Speaking of which,
do you know if Kim Yoon Hee
had concerns these days?
Could there be someone
holding grudges against her?
Why do you ask?
I had a talk with her,
but she won't tell me about it.
Well.
She has been having a hard
time because of her boyfriend.
- Her boyfriend? - Yes.
Well...
In the office,
Jong Ryul got bullied by his coworkers.
- Bullied? - Yes.
That's why Jong Ryul quit his job.
They were supposed to get married.
And my friend...
So the company I saw was
her boyfriend's company.
It was her revenge against those
who bullied her boyfriend.
We don't know yet. We'll find
the answer when we get there.
Call Detective Kang.
What a creepy building.
Do we still have to guard the back door?
You go to the back door.
I'll go to the front door.
Why do I go to the back door?
Then you go to the front door.
I have hemorrhoids, so
I'll go to the back door.
Gosh, I must be nervous.
I'm saying nonsense.
Bong Sang.
Be careful. The suspect is
different from normal people.
You keep saying that and it scares me more.
You said it's a woman.
I mean, she's mentally unstable.
So be careful.
- Bong Sang. - Why?
Please be careful. Okay?
Fine.
Give me a flashlight.
Wait, we have only one.
Darn it.
She won't pick up the phone.
Hwa Pyung.
Wake up!
What did you see this time?
Detective Goh.
What is it?
You're in danger. Get out of the place now.
I'm busy now.
Detective Goh got attacked!
Hwa Pyung saw it.
What?
Give it to me.
Detective Kang, don't go in.
If you go in...
Don't go. If you go there,
you will die.
Hello.
Why she never listen to me?
Help me.
Hang in there.
When everyone comes to work,
I'll kill all of you then.
Where's the detective who came with me?
Why are you doing this?
I have to kill everyone at this company.
That's what she wants.
Because of her boyfriend?
Yes.
Those jerks...
harassed her boyfriend.
They bullied him...
and tormented him.
Again and again.
Without any reason.
- Is he still working?
- He's still working.
My goodness.
I called him before.
Yesterday, I called out his name.
- Jong Ryul. - "Yes?"
That's so funny.
He's so bad at his work.
He had no prior work experience...
and they started to bully him
because he was clumsy at work.
He should at least have some
wits if he's bad at work.
It started with something small...
and the bullying got worse.
Do you think this a joke, you fool?
Jong Ryul.
Yes?
Yes.
- Yes! - Yes!
- Yes! - I heard they cursed...
and started to hit him later.
Yes!
- Let's go. - He couldn't tell anyone.
Who would believe an adult
could get bullied at work?
So he quit his job.
But he couldn't stand the stress.
The text messages that
those jerks sent him.
"Idiot."
"You insect."
"If I were you.."
"I'll just kill myself."
So he eventually committed suicide.
He apologized for calling this woman...
and slashed his wrists.
This woman tried to commit suicide too.
But at that moment...
we came.
That hopelessness...
sadness...
and anger!
She had to take revenge, not suicide.
You have to kill everyone! Kill them!
We whispered into his ear.
Are you Park Il Do?
Did Park Il Do make you do this?
This will be the last time...
you even mention his name.
I better change my plans.
I will go to all their homes
and kill them one by one.
I'll cut his throat first.
Please don't.
Help me!
Please spare me.
You people are all the same.
You butt in and eventually
get killed in the end.
Detective Kang!
Detective Kang.
That priest came too. That brat.
Detective Kang!
Detective Kang, where are you?
Kim Yoon Hee!
In the name of the Lord,
I will tie you up with the holy rope.
She fainted.
Detective Kang.
Go to Detective Kang.
Will you be okay on your own?
- Are you okay? - The key is in my pocket.
Wait. Are you badly injured?
I'm okay. Call for an ambulance.
Please help me.
Help me!
Hold on.
Are you alright?
Are you okay?
What happened to Detective Goh?
Let's call an ambulance
first and look for him.
Detective Goh.
Are you okay?
- Are you okay? - What happened?
I'm not okay.
I got ambushed.
I got hit on the head.
The strength was not human.
Gosh.
What is he doing here?
Where's the priest?
Your brother.
Who made your brother become like that?
Right?
You do think it's all Yun Hwa
Pyung's fault, don't you?
You hate him.
You're going to die because of him.
Just like your brother.
Just like your mom and dad!
Everyone near him is going to die.
He's just like us.
He's like us.
"He's like us."
What do you mean by that?
Father.
It hurts.
Please let go of me.
Please release me.
Hold on.
What were you doing?
You gave in. You almost released her.
You said you'd be fine by yourself.
I'm okay.
I'm okay now.
Let me go! Release me!
Release me!
We don't have much time. Let's start.
You two can leave now. I
can do this by myself.
You can't do it alone.
It was dangerous.
Worry about yourself.
The police will be here any moment.
Get on with it!
You're that girl.
Don't you hate each other?
Think of why your mom died.
Think of what they did!
Don't look at her!
And don't answer her.
Hold her down.
I won't record anything.
In the name of the Father and Son,
and of the Holy Spirit, amen.
Illustrious leader of the heavenly army,
the Angel Saint Michael...
Kill this jerk!
Kill everyone!
Help me!
Park Il Do.
Where is Park Il Do?
Who did he possess after Priest Choi?
How is he related to Sharing Hands?
I'll kill your dearest one.
Stabbed in the neck, he'll vomit blood...
and die!
Pull yourself together.
If you do it again, I'll kick you out.
You'll all die in the end.
You'll beat each other to death,
stab each other,
and cut each other's throat.
Lord created mankind...
in His own image...
and saved us from the demon...
at a great cost. Please come rescue us.
Holy Church venerates you as
their patron and guardian.
The Lord has entrusted to you...
the task of leading the
souls of the redeemed...
to heavenly blessedness.
What are you doing? Are
you trying to kill her?
Please save me.
Help me.
Don't look at her!
Saint Michael the Archangel.
Entreat the Lord of peace...
to cast the demon down under our feet,
so as to keep him from further
holding man captive...
Help me.
And doing harm to the Church.
This man tried to rape me.
He tried to humiliate me.
He's doing this to cover it up.
Please, ma'am.
Please help me.
Don't give in. Hold her down!
I want to go home.
- Carry our prayers up to the Lord,
- Help me.
That the mercy of the Lord...
Help me.
May quickly come.
Lay hold of the beast, the
serpent of old, and his demons,
casting him in chains into the abyss,
so that he can no longer
seduce the nations.
Release me.
Save me, you wench!
Let me smash your head
just like your mom's.
If it weren't for you, I
wouldn't have passed that house.
Young.
My dear Young.
You shouldn't have been born.
You should have died with me.
Gil Young.
Mom!
Don't give in!
It's the spirit talking. Ignore it.
Kim Yoon Hee.
Do you hear me?
Yoon Hee?
Where is she?
She's not here.
She wanted to die.
She begged us to kill her.
When her boyfriend died, she
wanted to kill herself,
but we saved her.
So she's ours!
Yoon Hee.
You have to survive. You
have to overcome this.
Think of your baby.
Think of your baby in your womb!
Baby?
In addition, my friend...
is pregnant...
with her boyfriend's baby.
If we fail to save her,
the baby will die too.
Yoon Hee. Look at this.
Look at your boyfriend.
The baby's father is the man you loved.
Even if you lost your boyfriend,
you should save your baby.
You have to live for the baby to survive.
You can get over this.
Please don't die!
Keep holding it like that.
Hold her tightly.
If you're a follower of the underworld,
I say to you,
under the name of the almighty, get lost!
The almighty up above is...
the only true almighty.
Go back to the demon...
and deliver my message.
Help me.
In the name of the Father and Son...
Help me!
I command In the name
of the Father and Son.
Park Il Do! Park Il Do!
I command in the name of the almighty.
Get lost.
I command in the name
of the Father and Son.
Park Il Do!
Is it over?
Detective Goh and Kim Yoon Hee
are taken to the hospital.
That employer is safe now as well.
What's going to happen to Kim Yoon Hee now?
On suspicion of kidnapping
and obstruction of justice,
she'll be arrested and
brought to the court.
If it's not an attempt murder,
it'd be an assault at best.
Kim Yoon Hee is innocent.
It's Park Il Do's fault.
I should get going.
Why did you ask me to stay?
Park Il Do.
You said he is the one who
killed my mother, right?
And he's not in Father Choi now.
He moved to another person.
Park Il Do.
Let's catch him.
Why do you say that all of a sudden?
I don't know if he's a demon or a ghost,
but I can't stand this anymore.
He turns innocent people into murderers...
and kills people.
Once you start, you can't give up...
until either we die or he dies.
You can't quit in the middle.
I won't quit.
I will try until I catch him.
You can't join us.
This is about possession.
Hwa Pyung and I, a priest,
will take care of it.
It's too dangerous for you.
It's dangerous for you too.
And this is a murder case.
We will chase the demon.
You stay out of it.
This is how it's supposed
to be from the beginning.
This is how it always has been.
Now I must join you...
just like how it has been.
I said it's dangerous for you.
I don't need your concern.
Don't remind me of the past.
It's irritating.
Stop it.
Do you still have energy to do that?
Let me repeat myself. You can't join us.
Call me if something happens.
You can't just leave like that.
We didn't say anything yet.
Hey, priest.
Father.
What about you?
Me?
I'd like that.
We should work together.
I'll talk to him.
I should get going as well.
Don't make trouble. Just go home and rest.
Where are you going? I'll give you a ride.
Don't worry. I'll take a taxi.
So I'll give you a ride.
I'm going to be fired from
the taxi company again.
Straight to the hospital, right?
No, let me get off at a
nearby subway station.
I'm going home.
You have to treat your wound first.
I'll take a good sleep and it'll be okay.
If you show up like that,
your family will worry.
I don't have such a thing.
Then you should make a family first.
You should get married.
Shut it and just drive.
I also have no one but a grandfather.
I lost contact with my
father when I was young.
When this is over,
I want to have a normal life too.
I guess that will be difficult.
Since that thing happened when I was young,
I've been wondering why my
mother did that every day.
I've been wondering why she
did such a dangerous thing.
Once she dies,
her daughter would have no one.
When you told me earlier not to go in,
I found myself going in without thinking.
I couldn't help because
Detective Goh was in danger.
I guess I'm just like my mom.
If I had a family,
they wouldn't like me.
I'm sorry.
If only I wasn't...
standing on the road 20 years ago.
Then...
Mateo would have died.
You should have rather not stopped me...
when I tried to go in.
Then I wouldn't have so much regret now...
that I did nothing but watch my mom die.
Hwa Pyung.
Hwa Pyung!
You're right.
I should have died then as well.
Why isn't he answering?
Hello.
Hwa Pyung?
Why do you pick up the phone so late?
You got me worried.
I'm fine.
I had a drink last night.
Are you sure?
Are you sure it's not... Forget it.
What is it?
Are you doing strange things again?
Last time...
I'm not doing anything dangerous.
How do you feel?
Take care of your own body.
Before I die,
I want to see a grandchild.
You're a fine-looking guy just like me.
What's wrong with you?
You're not dating anyone?
Are you too shy?
Is it because you're bad at flirting...
or you have a physical problem?
I don't have any problem.
Now I see you nagging me, you're fine.
I'll hang up.
Are you saying...
I should quit exorcising?
Yes.
After talking to you,
the woman not only committed
suicide but also a crime.
She...
She was possessed.
Nothing was filmed.
There was no priest nor
doctor at the meeting either.
We have rules here.
The bishop is very upset.
As of today,
Mateo, you're dismissed from...
the position of exorcist priest.
Your brother.
Who made your brother become like that?
Just like your mom and dad!
Everyone near him is going to die.
He is just like us.
Hello?
Are you listening?
I have a favor to ask you.
Are you drinking again?
After your brother was found,
I can't fall asleep without a drink.
I'm going to quit.
By the way, you mentioned
the Sharing Hands book.
Everyone who was possessed by Park Il Do.
The junk yard brothers,
and Kim Yoon Hee who I talked with.
They all had the Sharing Hands book.
Do you mean that Sharing Hands...
and Park Il Do are related?
I'm not sure yet.
- I have to investigate... - No.
That can't be.
It's a volunteer group at church.
It can't be.
Do you...
really want to find Park Il Do?
With that guy named Hwa Pyung?
Yes. Father Yang,
while you worked as an
exorcist priest before,
did you ever hear things?
I heard things and had hallucinations.
I even saw an exorcist priest...
who worshiped the devil.
The more you practice exorcism,
the spirit of the exorcist
priest gets damaged.
How can I put it?
It's like the devil is gnawing
away your spirit slowly.
What is it?
Did you hear something?
If you did, you must quit right now.
Chasing the devil that's directly
related to you is very dangerous.
- I have no choice. - Mateo!
I should have ended this a long time ago.
If you follow in your brother's footsteps,
how will I be able to live?
You became a priest because of me too.
It's too dangerous.
I chose to become a priest.
In order to find my brother.
And I've made my choice again.
Help me, Father Yang.
The weather is perfect.
I just want to go to the
ocean and catch fish.
Some fresh fish and a glass of
soju sounds perfect right now.
All my troubles will be washed away.
It's too bad we're the
only ones to enjoy this.
But why do you suddenly want
to drink soju near the ocean?
What? Oh, no reason.
Let's drop by my old hometown
village on the way there.
Your hometown?
That place is terrifying.
I have to find the last person
Priest Choi had contact with.
Park Il Do probably possessed that person.
I want you to check the place
where Priest Choi died.
See if you can see anything.
So you want me to take a look
at Priest Choi's spirit?
It'd be nice if you find Park Il Do too.
Fine.
Instead of being killed by a
superior spirit over there,
why don't we just die right now?
Why don't we become spirits
that haunt this road...
and scare people who drive by?
That sounds better.
I'm going to turn around
on the count of three.
- One, two... - Three!
- Turn it around. Come on.
- You're not stopping me?
Be brave. I'm ready to die.
Let's go, Yukgwang.
Come on, Yukgwang. Turn around!
- What are you doing? - Turn around!
- Turn around! - One, two...
Three!
- You're driving me crazy. - Turn around!
My goodness.
Yukgwang, wait.
Do you see that tree?
- That tree over there. - Yes.
That's where we found Priest Choi's body.
But don't you think we
should do this at night?
People might see us during the day.
And doesn't your power
get stronger at night?
Do you think I'm some rose
that blossoms at night?
That doesn't matter.
What are you doing? Pick up your stick.
Are you really a shaman?
You get scared so easily.
It's not that.
You're fine because you
can't see spirits anymore.
But I can see them with my own
eyes, and it's more scarier.
Okay.
Let's begin then.
I've seen spirits my whole life
and I'm still not used to it.
The grave of the spirit
A mountain full of sorrow
What a mournful spirit
My tears are flowing endlessly
And my clothes are getting wet
The East Wind blows and the sun sets
And I sing mournfully
And put down all my long concerns
The living come to light
And the dead...
What's wrong, Yukgwang?
I can't see it.
It's blocked.
Yukgwang.
What's wrong?
Why? Do you see something?
Yukgwang. What is it? Tell me.
Yukgwang, what did you see?
What is it?
It's a body...
- What is it this time?
- It's another body.
This week is a total mess.
- How many bodies is it? - Hey, misters.
Misters.
What are you looking at?
Don't mess around while
you're being investigated.
Sir.
Look into my eyes.
What is there to be suspicious about me?
You smell of suspicion.
It's suspicious that you
went to a crime scene...
and found another dead body.
Why did you go there?
This boy seems normal
when you first see him,
but he has a psychic ability.
So I went there to perform exorcism.
Why did you dig the ground with your hands?
Sir, that's just our job.
We seem perfectly normal,
but we suddenly feel something...
and start seeing things.
Sometimes if we dig the ground,
we find old artifacts used by
ancient shamans, you know.
- But this time we found a body. - Right.
We didn't know. We had no idea at all.
I think that location is the problem.
As soon as we went there, spirits
started to stick to our bodies.
Isn't that true?
So whose remains was it?
There was a name tag when we found it.
My goodness.
That's none of your business. Stop asking.
It's because his psychic ability...
sometimes turns into curiosity.
When did this person die?
Is it related to the body
that was found here before?
The body belongs to a girl who
went missing 20 years ago.
She's a high school student, Sung Hyeon Ju.
We concluded that she ran away from home.
Are you certain...
that it's this girl?
Yes. We need to run some more tests,
but the items that were
found have been confirmed.
And she was discovered right next
to where that priest was found.
The reporters are asking whether
this is a related case.
The timing is similar too.
I lost my appetite after
seeing a dead body.
You seem to eat fine.
Take that grain of rice
off your right cheek.
Why are you so clumsy?
It's supposed to be a lucky mole.
Who are you trying to reach?
- Give it to me. - Gosh.
Detective Kang?
- Is something going on? - Give it to me.
I'm still single, you know.
Why isn't she picking up? I
just need to ask her something.
Yun Hwa Pyung, that little...
Yun Hwa Pyung, why do you keep calling?
Who am I? I'm Gil Young's older brother.
Will you stop bothering her?
- Hello? - Do you understand?
Give it to me.
Yes? What's the matter?
I'm investigating in Gyeyangjin
regarding Priest Choi.
What is it?
Did you find anything?
A dead high school girl?
Yes. Please look into it.
She was found close to Priest Choi's body.
She went missing about 20 years ago.
It was around the same time.
Isn't something fishy?
It might have something
to do with Park Il Do.
The girl's name is Song Hyeon Ju.
Hold on.
- Song Hyeon Ju? - You know her?
At that time, the police assumed
she just ran away from home.
No. She went missing.
It was a weird case. She just disappeared.
You know a lot.
Is it because you're from this town?
No.
It was my mom's last case.
"Park Hong Joo".
Congresswoman...
Park Hong Joo.
- You must be hungry. - I am.
- Enjoy. - Thank you.
Eat a lot. You must be hungry.
- Eat a lot. - Thank you.
Please say something.
I've always been concerned about...
what people in need eat.
I'm very happy that I could
help these people...
through Sharing Hands.
Let's take a picture before we wrap up.
Okay.
Will you hold hands?
Sure.
Like this.
- Song Hyeon Ju? - Yes.
I thought I should let you know right away.
Why are you telling me this?
Sorry?
Do whatever you want.
Gosh!
Even if the statute of
limitations has expired,
we have to find who killed her.
She's a congresswoman.
We have no chance.
I've met a witness.
He threw a fit after seeing
Park Hong Joo's photo.
She didn't react to the
cross or the prayers.
It would have been impossible
if she was possessed.
Let's say it's Park Il Do. How
are you going to catch him?
While we were sitting
back, more people died!
If you kill possessed people, how
are you different form a demon?
I'll put an end to Park
Il Do with all my might.